Guidelines for all organization repositories (#1)
Algorithmiq/.github: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contributing to Algorithmiq

The following are guidelines and suggestions for contributing to Algorithmiq's repositories.

## Getting started

> Please see our [website](https://github.com/Algorithmiq) for a brief overview of our projects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please see our [GitHub organization page](https://github.com/Algorithmiq) for a brief overview of our projects.
```
